it is clear that the world cup in four years' time in charge of the new coach
selection technician mano menezes four years ago seems a lot but when
talks about building stadiums for transport and security there is not much
In this way, I will deal with a great example
you will see in the series that if the canopy were today that pernambuco
a lot of work ahead
who did well in the bucket or worse
but it's hard to believe that 2014 World Cup matches will be played here
Doubtful link
most of the year
cinema project in plaza da se
the area of ​​600 thousand square meters is in São Lourenço da Mata
municipality of the metropolitan region of the reef even the car that the government
from pernambuco
to the doctor
Do you doubt anything?
the stadium that should cost 464 million reais
will have capacity for 46 thousand people
the process for defining the consortium responsible for
construction of the Pernambuco stadium was postponed twice
In May, the public-private partnership signed the
consortium is awaiting environmental license for
finally start work
the pope was a robbery robbery
a homicide
with the end of the confrontation
he returned to the Flemish and got a goal some passed
I invited too and it's game
she set fire to the world at the site of the future stadium there are still no
machine in operation
despite the delays
part of the bureaucracy was resolved
the residents were interviewed
who have already left their homes
the expectation of the government is that the works begin in the first week of August